this possibly is one of the nastiest
places on the planet but there's another
creature here which actually eats these
cockroaches for breakfast and it's them
that we're here to find but to find this
cockroach killer I'm gonna have to
descend even further into the darkness
of the cave system below this place is
definitely not for the faint-hearted
and it looks like why next critter has
already had its breakfast all of the
horrors that live in this absolutely
nightmarish place down here is perhaps
the most frightening and it's the animal
val suggesting for the deadly 16 just
ran over my hand okay right I'm gonna be
more gutsy this time this is scooter
Guerra with a long-legged centipede I
think there's another one on the other
side of the rock as well so I'm being
very careful about how I handle this it
is quite venomous one of the guys who
was living in the area here was bitten
by one of these centipedes not so long
ago and spent a week in hospital so I'm
taking a lot of care not to get bitten
they actually have like moose centipede
oh this run over my arm sounds obvious
one of the main challenges living in a
cave
is the dark in fact you can't actually
see anything
scoot Agera still manages to be an
incredible hunter by using its long legs
yeah see as it moves and just stop and
tap some of those legs over the rock
surface what it's doing is using each
and every one of those feet to feel
everything about the surface it's moving
on building up the real mental picture
of its environment and if there's
anything there that it might be able to
eat
it can grow as long as my forearm has a
mightily venomous bite and with those
long legs there's nothing down here that
can escape it nothing that's more
guaranteed to give you nightmares
the SCOOTER guerra is going on the
deadly 60 and I'm going somewhere else
you